Q)
Tell me about yourself.
Undergrad in math. Wanted something more. Went to exchange in HK.
Wanted to become math teacher. No jobs. Had to adapt. Wrote CFA. 
Didnt want to read balance sheets and income statements all day. Go back to school. Lear Statistics. Go to china.
Get masters in statistics. Work Experience.

What are your strengths.
My main strength is my diverse background and willingness to adapt to evolving situations. Along with my solid foundation in classical statistics, I also have some background in computer science, pure math, and finance. I have demonstrated my willingness to adapt to new and interesting situations by doing exchange in hong kong, moving to china, and etc....

What did you learn in your time in china.
As a foreigner living in china, the everyday things that I took for granted suddenly became challenges. Renting a hotel room, getting a cell phone, making phone calls, getting a taxi all became new challenges I had to overcome. Bought laptop in china. disaster.

When have I worked with a team
At Princess margaret i worked closely with a team of clinical professionals on every project. 

When have I been a leader
During my TA work for 

What are your weaknesses.
My main weakness is that I need to feel like I am making a difference and effecting change in the real world to be motivated to do my work. This 

Why do you want this job.
My goal is to learn how to use data to extract value for companies and solve large scale problems. Of course I need to know computational/statsticis/learning skills to do this but even more important is the domain knowledge. Many prominant statistical learning figures all say that knowing the problem you are tackling, knowing which covariates to put in the models, knowing what transformations to make on the covariates is much more important than which model you choose. Right now I know some of the technical aspects to extracting value from data but little of the domain knowledge. This position seems like a very good opportunity for a person like me to learn the skills necessary to achieve my goals.


Where would you like to be in your career five years from now?
I want to be in a position where I am using data to extract values for companies and helping to solve large scale problems. I do not merely want to be a technican that can run the code I am told, but someone who understands the problem from a high level and has enough domain knowledge to not only do the nessessary analysis, but know what kind of analysis to do. I want to be able to be in a position where if a company gives me their data I will be able to extact value from it.

What's your ideal company?
As I am in the begininng of my carrer, my ideal comany would be one that has a strong traning program and nurtures their new hires. A program that can transform me from being able to run the analysis I am told to to one who knows what analysis to run to solve the particular problem.

What attracted you to this company? BAD AnsWER
TD has proven for many years that it cares the most about customer service. As a fraud analysis I will in some sense be providing customer service. Customers want to know that their finances will be safe, but also do not want to be constantly hassled by false positives. I want to be in a company that values the work im doing the most.??????


Why should we hire you?
I am a well balanced person that is interested in all aspects of the job. I have a masters degree in biostatsitics with research experience and a baisc level of understanding of statistical learning. I enjoy and have experience writing code. I used to want to be a math teacher and enjoy giving talks and just teaching people and sharing my knowledge with others. I am very interested in learning the domain knowledge necessary to use these skills to help solve large scale problems such has transaction fraud.

What did you like least about your last job? ANSWER LATER


What can you do for us that other candidates can't? 
I am whole package

What do you know about our company? ANSWER LATER


What is your greatest failure, and what did you learn from it? 

What irritates you about other people, and how do you deal with it? WORK ON THIS ONE
When it comes to dealing with people I am very easy going and I don't usually see bad things in them. That being said I find it irritating when people do not update their beliefs when they see new evidence. O

If I were your supervisor and asked you to do something that you disagreed with, what would you do?

Assuming that you were a supportive and reasonable supervisor I would politely bring up the issue to you and explain why I disagreed with it. Hopefully after discussion we could come to an agreement of the best course of action. If we could not come to an agreement, and the thing was not illegal I would do the task.

What was the most difficult period in your life, and how did you deal with it? 

Give me an example of a time you did something wrong. How did you handle it? 

When I was doing my first studies at princess margaret canacer center there were no systems in place to automatically generate reports from my analysis. Although the main analysis results of my report were correct, I discovered that I had made a copy/paste error in the description of my data. After catching my error I promptly aplologized to the cinician and sent him the corrected report. This experience was one of the driving forces behind my creation of the automated reporting package reportRx which for the most part solves these problems by automatically generating a report from output.

If you were at a business lunch and you ordered a rare steak and they brought it to you well done, what would you do? 

I would politely and quiettly tell them that I ordered a rare steak and ask if they could take back the well done one and give me a rare one.

What assignment was too difficult for you, and how did you resolve the issue? 
At princess margaret cancer center, I developed and implemented a novel statistical learning algorithm with my supervisor. My supervisor just wanted me to implement it in a basic way in R and said that he could pay someone in computer science to get it ready for production. I wanted to develop my computer science skills so I decided to write it in C++ myself. After some time I realized that i needed help and went to my network and contacted one of my good friends doing a phd in computer science, and he helped me out.


Describe how you would handle a situation if you were required to finish multiple tasks by the end of the day, and there was no conceivable way that you gcould finish them. 
I would order the tasks in order of imporatance and from the top estimate how many I could finish. I would send emails to the people whos projects I couldnt finish to tell them I couldnt so they could prepare. For the ones I was not sure, I would send emails saying I wasnt sure so that they could also be prepared. I would then complete the projects in order of importance.

What salary are you seeking?
55-65k

What are you looking for in terms of career development? 
I want to learn the domain knowledge necessary to walk into a business and use their data to effect change. I also want to learn the applied knowledge to tackle data-driven problems at a large scale.


What kind of goals would you have in mind if you got this job? 
My goal for this job is twofold. Firstly I want to have an intituion of what kind of technical things to tackle such an large problem with constantly changing information. Want to be able to explain it in english. what are the pros and cons etc. Secondly I want to understand the domain knowledge neceessary to solve this problem. I dont want to merely be told which analysis to do and then do it. I want to be able to have acess to the data and effect change in the business.

If I were to ask your last supervisor to provide you additional training or exposure, what would she suggest?
More domain knowledge in this field.

Getting Started Questions: 
First I will get to know the team members and start to form meaningful and productive relationships with them. Next I will read the basic documentation and get up to speed with the technical/business framework I will be working in. I will look at existing work that was done to get an idea of waht I should do. Once I have a basic idea of how the game is played, if possible I would like to reproduce some previously done work to make sure that  arrive at similar answers. 

Describe your work style ANSWER LATER





MAKE LIST OF QUESTIONS

